[improve][doc] Clarify documentation regarding M1 JDK and Managed Ledger (#15531)
apache/pulsar: site2/website/versioned_docs/version-2.10.0/getting-started-standalone.md

> **Note**  
> Broker is only supported on 64-bit JVM.

#### Installing JDK on M1

> In current version, Pulsar uses a BookKeeper version which in turn uses RocksDB which was compiled to work on x86 architecture and not ARM therefore it can only work with x86 JDK. This is planned to be fixed in future versions of Pulsar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the current version, Pulsar uses a BookKeeper version which in turn uses RocksDB. RocksDB is compiled to work on x86 architecture and not ARM. Therefore, Pulsar can only work with x86 JDK. This is planned to be fixed in future versions of Pulsar.
```
Split these long sentences to improve readability. Feel free to correct this.

One of the ways to easily install an x86 JDK is to use [SDKMan](http://sdkman.io) as outlined in the following steps:

> 1. Install [SDKMan](http://sdkman.io) following instructions on their website, or if you have [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) installed then type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install [SDKMan](http://sdkman.io).

 * Method 1: follow instructions on the SDKMan website.
 
 * Method 2: if you have [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) installed, enter the following command.
```

```shell
brew install sdkman
```
2. Turn on Rosetta2 compatibility for SDKMan by editing `~/.sdkman/etc/config` and changing the following property from `false` to `true`.
```properties
sdkman_rosetta2_compatible=true
```

> 3. Close the current shell / terminal window and open a new one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Close the current shell / terminal window and open a new one.
```

> 4. Make sure you don't have any previously installed JVM of same version by listing existing installed versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Make sure you don't have any previously installed JVM of the same version by listing existing installed versions.
```

```shell
sdk list java|grep installed
```

Example output:
```text
               | >>> | 17.0.3.6.1   | amzn    | installed  | 17.0.3.6.1-amzn
```

> If you have any Java 17 version installed, uninstall it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any Java 17 version installed, uninstall it.
```

```shell
sdk uinstall java 17.0.3.6.1
```

> 5. Install any java versions greater than 8:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Install any Java versions greater than Java 8.
```
